Content type updates for Framework migration guide (#602)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-plugin-framework/v1.15.x/docs/plugin/framework/migrating/attributes-blocks/validators-custom.mdx

page_title: Migrating attribute custom validators
description: >-
  Learn how to migrate custom attribute validation functions from SDKv2 to
  attribute validators in the framework. Providers use custom validators to
  check attribute values for required syntax, types, and acceptable values.
---

# Migrating attribute custom validators

This page explains how to migrate custom attribute validation functions from
SDKv2 to attribute validators in the framework.

## Background

You can write custom validations that give users feedback about required syntax,
types, and acceptable values in your provider. The framework has a collection of
[predefined
validators](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-validators).
Refer to [Predefined
Validators](/terraform/plugin/framework/migrating/attributes-blocks/validators-predefined)
to learn how to use them.

## Migrate custom validators

> In SDKv2, arbitrary validation logic can be applied to individual attributes by
> using `ValidateFunc` and/or `ValidateDiagFunc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDKv2, you can apply arbitrary validation logic to individual attributes by
using `ValidateFunc` and/or `ValidateDiagFunc`.
```
